as time goes on we see devaluation of
currencies more people seek more income
and so they look to savings accounts
nothing to gain there so they look to
mutual funds no gains there either what
about stocks great returns there and so
it goes more and more wealth is
concentrated today than ever before
companies bigger than countries
companies who can bankrupt countries in
a flash you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to look at what's happening on
Wall Street Andy Hall who was nicknamed
the god of the oil and energy
markets posted some losses he's closing
up his hedge fund he's not the only one
that's the issue in fact there have been
many and it will shock you to realize
how much of a trend this really is
hedge fund Liquidations in 2016
surpassed the post financial crisis Peak
despite the industry surging past the $3
trillion
Milestone one of the important points
that they make
here is that there is a
consolidation and the consolidation is
existing within the financial system but
if you look at it closely it's also
within the political as well
this is underscoring the shifting
investor risk tolerance steadily
increasing concentration of investor
capital in mid-to-large hedge fund firms
companies are getting bigger the bigger
they are they're getting bigger and
there are many many companies that are
simply being pushed to the curb and it
seems like this is going to be a trend
going forward
where the big companies get bigger small
companies go out the door and you have
the Mom and Pop Shop to be
non-existent this is all allowed to
happen it's being done on purpose
because they don't want people shopping
at the Mom and Pops they don't want you
and I to transact between each other
they want the ability for the big box
stores and all of the government
controlled entities to be ruling
everything and being dictating what
products you can have what services you
can have how much they cost and
everything else I mean this is a
totalitarian system and it's working
quite well for
them you know essentially they're
talking about other strategists and
investors and waren Buffett says that
it's a very silly thing to have a hedge
fund and you should have a passively uh
managed fund and you know I really think
they're all sort of in the same pile
here if the stock market is doing well
then you can do well if you don't have a
bias like this individual here probably
had so much of a heavy influence within
the oil and energy markets that he was
unwilling to look elsewhere and if
you're going to do this type of job you
have to have no bias when it comes to
that or else how would you ever be able
to be successful things work in Cycles
right now the energy markets are doing
well so why would I invest in the energy
markets if I'm in this field of
course and if I see that things are
getting too hot in a tech bubble let's
say well why would I want all my money
in there just because that I manage the
tech fund for example it doesn't work
like that it shouldn't work like that
but a lot of people get screwed over
every single day I talk to them and they
tell me why are us equities doing so
well
yet my Fund performance
isn't so what do you
say what do you say to that countless
people tell me that all the
time the most closure since 2008 and you
can see this right here the blue line is
launches and the red is
liquidations prior to the financial
crisis we saw this increasing
obviously downturn but what we have seen
here is it's sort of waning off now and
this is going in a different direction
you could see the closures that are
persisting and over a thousand believe
it or not and I believe yes this is
since yeah that's in 2016 that we see
over a thousand hedge funds closing it's
not five or 10 or 20 or 100 we're
talking about a th000 that is very
significant when you think about the
amount of money that a hedge fund
usually off operates
with and we've seen the same thing going
on in Canada as
well one of the things that I wanted to
talk about was what Warren Buffett
touched on and that is the so-called
passively
managed
now in that realm anyway we're talking
about ETFs exchange traded funds pulled
in record inflows for the third year in
a row in 2016 intensifying competitive
pressure on investment managers that try
to beat the market so essentially what
these ETFs may do is get the index they
try to just invest in the index itself
try to sort of base their trades on the
general performance of the market okay
and that way individuals can say that if
the Market's going to rise then I can
just sort of ride the Wave A lot of
people have done that ETFs have been
relatively successful some of them at
doing so and not necessarily investing
in one or two funds and not necessarily
day trading they are sort of loosely and
lightly managed and many people have
found this to be successful for
themselves I think that this is part of
it I mean ETFs are small when compared
to let's say the bond market for example
but it's still significant so that's one
direction that I see people going
average individuals instead of putting
their money where with a hedge fund and
trying to earn so much profit at the so
much risk maybe they have a lot of money
already and they simply think well you
know what I'm fine with just a few
percent per year and I think that this
ETF will be able to do so so I'll invest
in that and that's what some people have
done and we've also seen look at Japan
where they're buying up all their
ETFs and then we have individual
investors a lot of individual investors
and I have personally witnessed this
myself on the trading floors you see
every television on
CNBC Bloomberg BNN all the financial
channels depending on where you
live and what do they do they're
listening to guys like Jim Kramer
doesn't mean that they're necessarily
following every single piece of his
advice but they do listen they talk to
each other about about the what they say
and then they continue their job so it
has influence on them and this right
here is immediately before Bear Sterns
the whole Bear Sterns Fiasco and he
said do not do not pull your money out
of Bear
Sterns that's crazy don't do it don't do
it he yells at the
camera and what happened well seems like
they had a rough ride
don't listen to anyone you're listening
to me right
now I try not to give any advice at all
don't take my advice take the
information take the sources that I use
and go off and do your own research I'm
simply an aggregator of information I
take it from all different sources white
papers I take it from government
statistics I take it from the different
charts take it from everywhere all over
the world new main media alternative
media everything else I put that
together into these little packages
10-minute videos you watch them but then
you don't take my advice you simply go
out there and use that knowledge to your
advantage I hope that I make myself
clear myself I'm not a financial expert
there's a lot of people out there that
put that right on their page Financial
expert Jim Kramer would put that on his
resume on his page Financial expert look
if these people continue to to say that
the stock market will go up in a bull
market they'll be right consistently day
after day after day but when the
Market's heading down what are they
now don't take anyone's advice use the
information for
yourself I'm uh going to change gears
here for uh a few articles here the
president of China is talking about
cyber Space controls they ran a drill
and they were working on shutting
websites down that's what this is about
including tough new data surveillance
and censorship censorship rules this
push is now ramping up ahead of an
expected consolidation of power of the
Communist Party Congress this Autumn and
of course consolidation that's the way
this works within the governments
themselves local level State States
cities municipalities everything along
the line and then tearing down the
borders that is the ultimate plan of the
globalists that's what they're doing the
drill asked internet data uh centers to
practice shutting down Target web pages
speedily and Report relevant details to
the police including the affected
websites contract details IP address and
server location if you misbehave you
will be shut down
YouTube sensors all the time Facebook
sensors Twitter all the social media
they're already doing it and so they're
going to the internet I mean the
internet in some ways is the wild west
and I think that's a good thing despite
that there's a lot of bad stuff on there
I think that having it be like that is
better than having the government
control it I don't trust the government
one bit I simply don't that's my
personal
opinion all right this individual Gavin
Nome lieutenant governor running to
succeed Jerry
Brown he talked about this that I uh was
upset about you
know we required composting in San
Francisco that was controversial they
had garbage police out there checking my
cans to make sure that the eggshells
were in the appropriate
bin think about that for a moment the
tattletail society that was seen during
the Soviet
Union that
was foreshadowed in 1984 George
Orwell it exists today in many
forms talk to somebody who lived in that
Soviet era and you will find out about
the tattletail system and how it worked
I've done that myself it's frightening
and in general it's what you've
heard that's it for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up into
the YouTube search rankings so I
appreciate that every time you do
so and last but not least if you found
the video informative and then I know
you will find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas my new book
gets into the money GPS strategy which
is talking about
self-sufficiency solar panels earning
income and and so on and so forth you
can check those out at Amazon links are
in the description below take care